Updated Pytorch, Tensorflow and GCC module pages (#8)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/hpc/applications/guides/pytorch.md

## Conda
Whether using  CPU's or GPU's, you should install PyTorch into a clean Anaconda environment. You will need to first setup up your own [Anaconda environment](./conda.md).

> Please take care when installing PyTorch with other packages. It isn't uncommon for PyTorch to conflict with other packages so we generally recommend keeping your PyTorch environment to a minimum. Also, for users who are interested to have both the Pytorch and TensorFlow installed in the same environment, please replace the last line in the code block  with the one provided in the TensorFlow and Pytorch section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take care when installing PyTorch with other packages. It isn't uncommon for PyTorch to conflict with other packages so we generally recommend keeping your PyTorch environment to a minimum. Also, for users who are interested in having both Pytorch and TensorFlow installed in the same environment, please replace the last line in the code block with the one provided in the TensorFlow and Pytorch section.
```

echo 'CUDNN_PATH=$(dirname $(python -c "import nvidia.cudnn;print(nvidia.cudnn.__file__)"))' >> $CONDA_PREFIX/etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
echo 'export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$CONDA_PREFIX/lib/:$CUDNN_PATH/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH' >> $CONDA_PREFIX/etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
source $CONDA_PREFIX/etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh

# For both TensorFlow and Pytorch, use the command in the next section.
python3 -m pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118
```

## TensorFlow and Pytorch

Please make sure that you have run all the commands (except the last one as mentioned in the comments) from the above section before running the following command.

```bash
python3 -m pip install torch torchvision torchaudio tensorflow==2.12.*
```

## Check Pytorch Installation

> You should then be able to set this work in a job, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should then be able to test this works in a job, for example:
```
